ruler: Make alertmanager client and all related config per-tenant configurable (#10816)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] All: Add `cortex_client_request_invalid_cluster_validation_labels_total` metrics, that is used by Mimir's gRPC clients to track invalid cluster validations. #10767
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester client: Add support to configure cluster validation for ingester clients. Failed cluster validations are tracked by `cortex_client_request_invalid_cluster_validation_labels_total` with label `client=ingester`. #10767
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add experimental metric `cortex_distributor_dropped_native_histograms_total` to measure native histograms silently dropped when native histograms are disabled for a tenant. #10760

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add tenant configuration block `ruler_alertmanager_client_config` which allows the Ruler's Alertmanager client options to be specified on a per-tenant basis. #10816

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add tenant configuration block `ruler_alertmanager_client_config`, which allows you to specify the ruler's Alertmanager client options on a per-tenant basis. #10816
```
